You are injured. Are you sleepy now?
I want to talk to you. Not available.
Just for the sake of injury, I have no other intention.
I just want to have a good chat with you.
After all, we were once together.
Okay, tell me what you want to eat with me. Are you hurt? Do you hate me?
Hate it, but don’t eat it, it’s not worth it.
If it were me, I would be very angry.
However, if I say,
We can still afford the meal I'm going to pay back now.
cannot. If you come to give instructions today,
I said this, then we can go.
He can't be too ugly today
I came to do something today
Seeing that our family has been there for so many years
When did you
Congratulate yourself tomorrow
Lord Shen Li's wedding banquet will start soon
No, I have to wait for a box
Without you, who would know the trash?
That good-for-nothing man is not even qualified to participate in Shen Li's wedding.
Have you given up on this idea again?